Oh, here he is, tough boy! The big man.
How high can you jump boy?
Boy? Oh, you're pretty tough, you inbred piece of white trash.
Why don't you come down here and ask me that again, huh?
I ain't scared of you.
Oh yeah? Then why is your voice cracking - boy?
Alright, alright, enough.
Will you stop disturbing the god damn neighbors with this bullshit.
I pay you to help me, not to argue, you hear?
Loud and clear... Boss.
Good. Now, we got some problems with them
Cholos - they been threatening my girls.
I want you to teach them some respect.
Anyway, I told em, you bring her over to me,
I don't care if she's fourteen, I like her boobs.
You start with us, we gonna finish you!
All your street-walkers are gonna die.
No one messes with the Cholo!
Over here! Quick!
Relax. We've got more than rubbers for protection...
C'mon! Let's go.
Let's get you out of here! This is no place for a lady...
That was fun. Baby, you're incredible.
Just glad to be of service, ladies.
Take it easy girls. Look after yourselves out there.